Hello, everyone. Are we welcome? Are we ready to get started?
We're gonna get going in just another minute or so.
So we'll slowly, painfully make our way back to our seats.
Finished grabbing croissants. Move our conversations to the hallway.
While we're doing that, of course, Scotty already thanked our sponsors. I also want to thank the volunteers. Uh, that is one of the things that makes community conferences, so 50 reviewers, uh… going through a whole bunch of sessions, and really just having really great debates about what is the right focus and what is the goals for what is this sort of new and…
unknown field. Uh, another 50 people… And there's some overlap, uh, registration, figuring out operational details.
uh, bringing sort of this whole thing together. It is, as always, a ton of work. So I'm gonna ask once again if we could start to calm down the conversations in the back of the room.
Slowly bring the volume down so we can respect our speakers. We've got four talks coming up over the next hour and a little bit, continuing morning's theme of defensive blue teamwork.
One more ask for the guys in the back, and we're gonna get started.
Also remind you, we have talks downstairs too and an overflow room downstairs that no one will mind if you talk in.
Uh, but… Uh, we'll get started regardless. That's what, uh, that's what PA systems are for, right? Immediate next talk. Guardrails will be on vibes from Stripe up here.
Downstairs, pretty cool talk too, Army Cyber Command is talking. So yeah, Chase Holbrook is down there. So, uh… Get to where you need to be, and let's get started. Up here, please welcome Jeffrey and Sid.
Cool, yeah, I hope everyone had a nice coffee break. Um, so today we'll be talking about the very interesting topic of how we ship security agents in production, and how we leverage Guardrails along the way. So specifically, we're going to focus on two agents, a threat modeling agent.
and a security routing agent. So, you know, we could probably use a little bit more creativity in those names, but the core problem we're trying to solve with our security team, and maybe, you know, if you've seen this in your security org as well, is, you know, too many security reviews and not enough human time.
and also getting our users the answers to the questions they need efficiently.
So, here's our agenda for today, but very concretely, we're going to dive into, you know, the architecture of these agents, how we approach quality and measured accuracy.
How we met users where they were throughout the process, and finally finished off with some learnings.
And as mentioned before, Sid and I are software and security engineers at Stripe.
Yeah, so there are two main problems we tried to attack using AI for security at Stripe, one of them being security routing, and what I mean by that is, how do we get users given so many different security teams to the right one, while minimizing development time and friction for security engineers? Another problem we were trying to solve is with threat modeling, and what I mean by that is with the rise of the use of AI in the software development lifecycle.
How are we attacking this increased demand for security guidance? And of course, there are a bunch of different challenges associated with creating agents for the two. What are the main challenges we focused on was hallucinations. As we've all come to know and love, AIs can and will hallucinate. And these hallucinations can actually end up recreating the problem we're trying to solve in the first place.
For example, with…
Folks, I don't like disturbing talks in the middle, and for those online, I'm sorry. Everybody in the back, please be very, very quiet, or I'll kick you out. This room has a bad echo.
If you want to talk, get out. Love you.
Okay, folks, in the back. Sorry. Everybody please shut up.
Thank you so much, appreciate your time today. Thank you for listening. Please continue to talk.
For example, with security routing, if we're routing people to the wrong team, then we're having to get security engineers and developers re-involved in this whole process of getting them back on track, recreating the problem.
Cool. So with that context in mind, we're gonna dive into how we approach the design, starting with our threat model agent. So one important consideration we have to make in the beginning was, will this agent be more of a long running, right, async process in the background, or do we need to be more conversational and faster in its response time?
And that way we could look at the trade-offs between, hey, do we want to focus on accuracy and processing rather than having to get a very fast response? And so in our case, we actually opted for the latter. You can imagine we have a security review ticket come into our queue, and our agent can take the time and processing time that it needs to get back a response.
Um, so this led us to take a modular multi-agent structure. So on the right, you can see that we have an orchestrator agent, which has a couple parameters it takes in, um, based on our intake form. For example, our security review category. It then feeds it into input agents, uh, relevant security agents, and then lastly, our output agents.
So our input agents, the main goal is to get the relevant additional input context that come, you know, in your tickets. Sometimes they're Google Doc links, you know, Slack threads, additional information that's relevant that we want to include for our security agents.
And with our security agents, we try to take a very specialized, targeted approach, and so what I mean by that is, you know, imagine we have a third party, you know, Security View agent. We wanted to make sure that it was specific to that category, and when we were balancing determinism versus non-determinism, we believe that there was a core baseline of required questions.
That was required to, you know, make any third-party security review complete. Things such as, you know, what's the data sensitivity involved? What's the data transport protocols, right? What's the auth story there? And so, this doesn't necessarily limit what the agent could, you know, review, but it had to at least include information on these points to get a complete, you know, successful threat model.
The other decision that we made was to be very intentional with the tools that we used, and so one that I'll explicitly call out is having great internal guidance tools. You know, LLMs are good at giving more generic security context, but what's really powerful is having, you know, company-specific guidance that aims to, you know, provide risks and mitigations that can be actionable.
And then lastly, these are fed to our output agents, and you can… we'll talk about this a bit more later on, but you can imagine there's different audiences that want different formats. Now, why did we take this more, you know, sequential agent approach? And the reason behind that is we wanted more predictable behavior for certain areas.
We always want the input agent to run first, security agents to do analysis in parallel, and then lastly, our output agents to run. We found that when we gave, you know, our orchestrator agent too much agency, it wouldn't always run the relevant specialized agent that we wanted it to.
Now, this doesn't mean we're stuck, you know, with this sequential approach. We're thinking of doing a more hybrid one, where, similar to how we approach the core baseline, you know, maybe we have a core baseline of security agents we need to run based on human input, right?
But if it's a very vague category, we want to layer on top agency from the orchestrator agent to say, hey, maybe, you know, a web specialized agent's applicable here.
Yeah, so for the security routing agent, we decided to take a different approach instead of the sequential agent structure, especially given the fact that any question could be dealt with for a security routing. So, instead of using a more sequential structure, we used a… initially, we started with a one-step LLM call.
Give it no access to tools, no access to the internet or anything local at Stripe. Instead, we just started with a simple prompt that had a bunch of pre-contextual information about the various security teams at Stripe. And while this ran really fast, you can see that it probably didn't work for a lot of reasons. One of the main ones being that.
It's not going to know about any internal terms or documentation used at Stripe. So if the user's question was relating to any software development that was using any of those internal tools, terms, etc, the AI would often hallucinate. We then decided to shift to a more agentic structure, giving it access to tools to compile its own set of information.
So we took this one step prompt, took out all this contextual information about the various security teams and instead encouraged it to research on its own. At the beginning, we provided it with as many tools as we could to just get a complete picture. And this worked great for accuracy reasons, but for performance reasons, the agent took around 10 minutes to run.
Hardly conversational at all. So, to get it down further, what we decided to do is try to get the toolset down, specifically, to be as minimum and as concise as possible. Through a slow and iterative process of just taking a set of baseline questions we knew the answer to.
testing the agent, plucking tools one by one, retesting accuracy, and ensuring it's not changing too much, we were able to get down to about two tools and a runtime of around 30 seconds.
Great. So, you know, with all this discussion around our agent architecture, how did we know that was the right choice? And if it was the right choice, that when we make changes, that they're actually improving the agent? So starting with threat modeling, as many of you may know, threat modeling is often more of an art than a science.
And there's not a single right answer, right? There's not a single right threat model. So when we're looking into different ways to score the threat modeling, we were first approached with, hey, can we do deterministic matching? And this didn't really, you know, fit the bill. When we tried to compare MITRE categories, we found that there would sometimes be wrong labeling.
The agent would have the correct risk, but in two different runs, it would label them as, you know, one category and another time in another category. Even though the risk itself was being communicated correctly.
Other more simpler methods like keyword matching didn't fit right as well.
So this made us turn to, you know, what really matters, and what really mattered was the semantics and meaning behind the risk being conveyed. And so we turned to LLM as a judge.
Now, one question that comes up with LM as a judge is, you know, do we trust the LLM to evaluate the threat model in isolation? And it's a bit of a cyclical dependency because, you know, the whole reason why we're doing this evaluation is because we don't trust the LLM to give us 100% correct threat model, right?
So why are we gonna allow the LLM to evaluate and trust that will give us 100% correct evaluation. So to address this and take a more balanced approach, we wanted to have humans involved and take advantage of what humans are good at in creating gold standard days.
Test cases, right, based on past security reviews, and also what LLMs are good at, which is semantic reasoning. And so, in this flow, what we task the LLM with doing is, hey, given this expected output on our Golden Saturn test case, what are the semantic equivalences between that and our actual output from our agent, right? So looking at the risk, the mitigations.
based on semantic equivalents. And we felt like this was the right approach to get to the right meaning behind the risk. And so at the bottom, you can see how that sort of, you know, looks in our iteration model, where we have a golden standard test case with its corresponding actual agent output.
And we would iterate on that based on the scoring accuracy to get to, you know, an accuracy that we were happy with that improved the agent before sending out our pull request in the offline mode.
Yeah, so what this evaluation pipeline in place, how exactly did we take advantage of it? Well, we first started and looked at our base prompt and found that there were a few test cases within our golden set that were particularly low. We used these test cases to guide improvements in our prompt, not specifically by overfitting it, but just by encouraging the prompt to act more like a security engineer.
For example, one of the specific things we did was by giving the prompt-specific security domains to always consider, such as authorization and single sign-on. This guided improvements to get us about 10% and 10% increase in accuracy. One of the other things we used the eval pipeline for was to select the best.
flagship LLM model for our threat modeling agent. Specifically, we did this by creating a mega data set using copies, individual copies of our Golden Set standard cases. The reason we duplicated our test cases was to really eliminate the non-deterministic nature of AI between runs.
runs. By using this simple process, we were able to test and automate, um, testing each baseline LLM model and swap it with the one that performed the highest. This led to another increase of about 10% in accuracy. But finally, one of the most… one of the largest impacts from this evaluation pipeline.
is the fact that it really gave us confidence in the changes we made to our prompt. For example, take a look at the prompt you see on your right, where it says you're a security engineer, and then describes how to properly format a JSON. On an individual run without the evaluation pipeline, things might look great. We're outputting a correctly formatted JSON threat model.
And we're also giving security advice. But what the eval pipeline is actually showing us is that overall accuracy has gone down 10%, because the agent is focusing more on how to properly output a JSON and less on actually providing accurate security guidance. So this eval pipeline really gives us confidence in the changes that we make to our prompt.
In the sense that they're applying, generally speaking, rather than just in minute cases.
Yeah, so the eval pipeline for security routing was a bit different. It relied more on user-provided feedback, given the open-ended nature of the situation. Instead, we relied on releasing to a small bubble of users, iterating on user feedback, increasing that bubble, and so forth. Specifically, we started by releasing the agent just.
to be accessible via a web page, just so that our team members and anyone across Stripe internally could access it. Then, taking this feedback and getting more confidence in it, we wanted to test how it handles user situations. So we made it invokable in Slack to really test context dependence. Finally, after iterating on that phase, getting… confidence in it. We released it to all developers across Stripe, and the internal chat UI for agents at Stripe. This was really to meet developers where they are. And then, of course, we also relied on demos and outreach to, again, just get as much feedback as possible from direct users, again, given the open-ended nature of security routing.
Cool, so speaking about meeting users where they are, we wanted to highlight a couple of key actions that we took as a team to make sure that users were, you know, kept involved in the process. So the first one is phase rollout. So this one we'll be talking about in the threat modeling context.
Where we chose a specific subcategory of security reviews that we believed agents would be able to perform well at. And what that means is choosing security reviews that had very similar risks and very similar mitigations. And we believe this more constrained domain made it better for an automation setting.
Once we had our established subcategories of security reviews, you know, we built out our agent architecture and ran this all in shadow mode. During this process, we continually iterated using our evaluation pipeline discussed before to get to an accuracy that we're confident in.
Now, you might ask, you know, how do we determine what accuracy threshold? And I think this really depends on the behavior of your agent. You can imagine if your agent is directly sending these threat models, these risks, and making super noisy, you know, integrations into your engineering teams.
If you don't have a very high accuracy, you know, you're gonna get a lot of slack. Those engineering teams are not going to be happy.
Versus if we add in a human in the loop, where maybe the agent gets you 90% of the way there, right? But you still have that one last step of a human confirming those threats and mitigations are applicable, we can go for, you know, slightly less accuracy. So we ended up with the latter approach.
aiming for around 80% in the beginning, and then continuing to iterate on it once it became visible to our users. Now, speaking about our, you know, consumption methods, while the semantics-first, you know, risk representation was great for our evaluation model.
We found that, you know, other audiences wanted different formats. For example, humans wanted a more summarized format, while we had threat modeling tool that wanted more structured format for metrics. So we opted for a MITRE framework there.
And then lastly, we recognize that the threat modeling agent doesn't always output something that's fully complete, right? Especially for more vague categories, we want to have the option to continue the conversation in our conversational agent. And the focus here was making sure that the input going to the conversational agent had the necessary context.
And almost proof of work from our threat modeling agent to make it successful.
Then lastly, we recognize that, you know, we're not always operating with perfect information, and when we're missing information, we shouldn't have the expectation that threat models should be 100% complete, right? The threat model agent should call out where the missing information is that the status is unknown.
and set the security engineers up to, you know, bring up to the next step, which is, hey, based on this question, if we can answer it, we can tell if this risk is mitigated or it's not.
Yeah, so there are a lot of great learnings we took away from this whole process, one of them being about Alpha Evolve. If you don't know what Alpha Evolve is, it's this Google AI DeepMind LLM tool that essentially evolves algorithms, or in this case, prompts, using a process similar to natural evolution. So in this case, let's work on an example. We take our base prompt.
We make a bunch of different variations to it, adding a few words here, maybe changing the wording here, and then take the one that performs the best, score through our evaluation pipeline, and take it to the next round. We repeat this process until we get the truly most evolved form of the prompt. While this sounds great in theory and works great in a lot of computational and mathematical cases where there are only so many permutations of things you can try.
In the case of language, because of how open-ended it is, we found that it didn't really work great, especially within the realms of the cost we were able to handle. For example, in this case, all it did in variation 1 was add two words, not really semantically changing the prompt at all. In the second variation, it just paraphrased the entire prompt.
adding any semantic changes that would actually, hopefully, guide improvements. So in this case, we found out that Alpha Evolve didn't really work great.
Another learning we had is that we found out that humans in the loop aren't optional, and this really goes great with what Jeffrey's been talking about, in the sense that we have all these LLM-generated threat models, and a relative amount of confidence in it, but because we don't have that full confidence, we don't want to actually act on these results. We want a security engineer to still review these AI-generated threat models.
And push forward threats that are actually relevant, and of course, deny those that aren't.
Another learning we had goes back to the JSON example, which is investing in your eval pipeline early. And what I mean by that specifically is that if we had just not invested in our eval pipeline early and instead guided… focused on just getting those edge cases correct, and et cetera, we would have ended up with some big garbage mess of a prompt.
That maybe score is great in some very weird cases, but generally speaking, focuses too heavily on specifics and generally performance will go down.
Another learning we had is that agent architecture really depends on the task. We saw that a multi-step child agent architecture worked great for the threat modeling agent, but the security routing agent, a more simplistic, undetermined structure really worked. There's not really a one-size-fits-all here.
And then finally, one of the most important learnings we had is that garbage input really means garbage output. And of course, we don't want our threat model agent to produce garbage output. We want it to handle all threat models like a security engineer would. Take this example garbage input ticket, where there's not many specifics at all.
Initially, our LLM would end up hallucinating information, saying things like encryption and rotation, things that aren't mentioned in the ticket at all. We had to teach it to act more like a security engineer, be okay with saying, I don't know, and that there's not enough information, rather than, of course, hallucinating this information to produce good output.
Great, yeah, that's the end of our talk. Thank you guys for listening.
Let's do some questions. I see Shruti.
Hi, thanks for the talk. I was curious if Kirasi was the only metric that you used in your evals, or did you try other metrics as well?
So you said if accuracy was the only metric? Or did you try other metrics for scoring in your evals as well?
Yeah, I think… so specifically, we use the offline accuracy one, um, where it was, you know, before the threat model or changes to the threat model agent were released, we would base off of that. In the next iteration, and this is something we're trying to build out, is to give more online.
evaluation, right? So when a threat model is done on a new security review, how would it perform? And the way we're thinking of approaching this is, you know, traditionally, if it's a human, um, sort of, you know, grading it, that's great and all, but that involves, like, more security process, like, you would need all the humans to do it.
Um, and that's not always guaranteed. So what we're trying to integrate is to have our security threat model tool that we mentioned earlier as sort of the source of truth, and our threat modeling agent would generate, hey, these are the threats that we found.
And users would use that as a source of truth to click approve, sort of deny, and utilize those metrics to give more of an online feedback loop, and that would provide more accuracy. So we're looking at, you know, from both approaches.
Um, one question I had was, have you guys looked into, like, Maestro framework and leveraging that as well as part of.
Because I think it's the Maestro framework is, like… Specifically for AI.
Scenarios. It's a threat modeling framework.
Sorry, can you repeat that one more time? I'm wondering, like, if you took into account or are thinking about Maestro threat modeling framework into account?
So the Maestro threat modeling framework. I think that could be something we build out in the future. I think for now, just building on our existing processes, most of it has been in the MITRE format, but I think that format could go well based on what sort of risk and security views we're seeing, where it could be more applicable.
You said that you saw a 10% reduction in accuracy in the threat models coming out of that. Did I understand that correctly?
Could you repeat the question? Sorry. You said that… you said that you saw a 10% reduction in accuracy in the threat models that were being generated through this. Did I hear that correctly?
The threat models that were being generated through… Through this path. You said I saw a 10% reduction in accuracy. I'm curious, what level of accuracy are you actually looking to achieve before you put it into production?
Oh, I think they're talking about the JSON formatting that led to the 10% reduction.
Okay, I misunderstood. Maybe we'll come back afterwards and see if we can answer that.
So I think that's gonna wrap up the questions, so thank you very much.
Uh, we have one more securing code in our agentic Future talk. I think Gotti is gonna come up and yell at the folks in the back of the room again. That's exciting.
I have a kindergarten technique we want to try? I'll let you do it in a second. So what I want to say in the back, sorry for everybody in the front, is we have a lot of real… everybody in the back! Thank you. We have a lot of really cool social spaces all around the room, all around the area. Downstairs.
People who are still not listening to me, I'm gonna keep shouting unless you move your faces to look to me.
I don't like shouting. It's very rude. It's not cool. It also throws off the mic.
Okay, there you have a lot of social spaces, just walk out, walk in, find the social spaces, go talk there, because from this moment on, our volunteers are not going to be friendly.
Right? And I was sent up here to be the unfriendly person, which I really don't like, because I'm a teddy bear.
All right. Thank you very much. I'm going to give it back to Aaron, who's going to try his trick.
I'll save it for next time. Uh, Vincent Brennan, why don't you guys come up here and, uh, get started while we do a quick intro? Uh, yeah, so, uh, continuing the thread of securing software in our agentic future. Uh, in fact, that is the title of their talk.
uh, what are we… what are we missing on for the moment?
Yep. No, Paul and Ryan. Sorry, I have the wrong talking this one. Yeah.
Let's get going. Please welcome Paul and Ryan from OpenAI.
All right, okay, there we go. So, if your security program is perfect, I'm happy for you. This talk is not for you. For the rest of us, however, hi, I'm Paul. This is Ryan.
I've been a security engineer here at OpenAI for the last 3 years, and Ryan and I are here to tell you a little bit about how we work together to secure one of our projects.
So, let's talk a little bit about how software security worked in the past.
You identify a need, you try a couple options, you spend a lot of time integrating those into your environment to see if they work, and eventually you pick one.
And then you pay your vendor Ohodo money. And then you spend a lot more time integrating it everywhere else into your environment.
And after all that work, months later, are you really getting value? Probably some. Compliance is probably happy.
But it's still stiff. It's inflexible. And you still have a lot of special edge cases and vendor feature requests take quarters at least.
Uh, sorry to my vendors who are here. But, at the end of the day, what really matters is what really happens is you have a long list of things you wish you had time to do.
We all know what the best practices are. There are endless lists, innumerable vendors who will sell us a solution which is almost as much good, which is almost as much work as building the thing ourselves.
Especially in the enterprise. Or in a company that wasn't founded yesterday. All that legacy infrastructure adds up, and often it doesn't mesh well with the assumptions of the security tooling is making.
We don't need expensive consultants to come in and tell us how to make our security programs better. We already have a long list of things we want. We need more engineering hands, and we need less friction.
It doesn't have to be this way. No, seriously, it doesn't.
Code is free. I mean it. Code is free.
Software doesn't cost anything to build anymore. And the secret is… That includes security software too.
So, if you want a security outcome. You can ask for it. You don't have to wire up a giant vendor harness and dashboard. You don't need to integrate deeply with someone else's idea of what you should be doing. Your developers are already using LLMs to build your code. What are you waiting for?
Just add a new test to your existing CI-CD pipeline, commit a text file with things you want checked, a tool call that returns 0 or 1.
And some text about why. feed that back into your CI framework and you're set. No vendor contracts, no frameworks.
I'm not even releasing anything open source here, because you should just ask Codex or Quad to write this integration for you. Customize to your own environment.
So, that was actually a lie. Uh, here's some open source. Put it in your test runner.
Write an output schema with judgments, comments, and of course, whether or not Codex thinks your code passes the test.
Run it non-interactively on your security file, parse the output, show it in your CI.
Now I'm going to kick it over to Ryan, a product engineer I've been partnering with, and Ryan will show you what it means to just ask and to just do things.
Hey folks, how's it going? I'm a product engineer, I've been working at OpenAI for a year and a half, and for the last 8 months, I have had the privilege and the space to build a team where we write zero of the code.
And over the course of that time, we've built a product with about a million lines of code in it, about 250,000 of which are prompts, and to do that.
I have basically leaned on these wonderful coding models that we have and the collective expertise and intelligence of all the subject matter experts that are scattered around the company.
And I want to show you today what it means in order to pull from these experts and reflect that back into the code base so you empower all the humans and the agents that you're working with in order to do what you already know good looks like.
So, kind of foundational thing here, right? We're building products, there's a threat model associated with them. You'll probably take some time in order to go through an exercise to build one. It'll become stale immediately. No one will really look at it or use it to inform the way they write software. So… You can just make one. You can check it in.
And then, you can use that to have all the engineers and agents that are operating in these code bases on these products incorporated into their process, right? What remains illegible, both organizationally and textually in the code, is not possibly a thing that anyone in your business is able to build leverage out of.
Right? A threat model that's locked in a Slack thread or some Google Doc that I know I am never going to read is not something that I am able to build durable product with.
These coding agents, they exist in the universe of code, markdown, and scripts in your repositories. That Google Doc that's trapped away in a Slack thread from 3 months ago is not something that they're able to use to inform their execution. So, instead, just ask.
For a threat model, these models are good enough to deduce one from the code as it already exists. Check it in, and then… Validate it constantly. There's no reason why this can't be a required review step in every PR.
Tokens are cheap. Throw an agent at it. Tell it, you're responsible for ensuring the threat model of this code base is current and up-to-date, and that this PR does not invalidate any of the assumptions that are in it.
This is very cheap to do, this is, like, 40 lines of YAML in GitHub Actions right now.
The agents crave text, so figure out ways to give them text and inject it into all the other agents that you have working on the code base, or those humans, if you still have those, too.
Right? With the threat model in the code base, you're able to incorporate it into the way the code is written.
The way the code is reviewed, the way those review comments must be interacted with in order to make sure that your code is marching forward along that golden thread of what you already know good looks like.
And, you know, maybe we don't have the full amount of trust in these agents to be fully autonomous in all the ways that, you know, we want them to be. So if you need a human in the loop here, you can just ask them to do that too.
Right? In CI, grant the agent access to the GHCLI, tell it that if a material change has happened to the code that invalidates some of the things you've documented and already risk-accepted as a business.
Tag the expert human to review it. Tell them why you've brought them into scope here, and tell them what ambiguity that you need them to help resolve.
One of the core ways that I've changed how I operate here is to treat the humans as tools to empower the agents and other engineers in the code base in order to make forward progress.
This is how we all interact with each other here, right? Like, you know, I know that I'm not an expert here in threat modeling. I know I need help. I talk to my partners in the security organization. I invoke them, just like the model would invoke a tool.
And the thing I have tried to do is take all those tool outputs and durably encode them in a code base that is constantly reflecting prompt injections back into my human engineers and agents that are driving that code base forward.
Paul mentioned that we all know the best practices. We've got years of collective expertise in our heads.
But we, as humans, have limited synchronous time and attention. It is not the case that every one of you here is able to look at every single design doc, every single PR, every single deployment, and bug report, and vulnerability report, and dependency update.
And, you know, breaking changes and individual diffs from all of those by source, you know, dependencies you take.
But you do know what good looks like. You know what you would be doing if you had all the time in the world to do all those things serially.
So, take all those things that are in your head, and write them down. Or better yet, ask one of the coding agents to write them down. Have them interview you.
These agents are trained on the whole universe of the human experience. They know in their weights, all the things that you already know.
And it's up to you to focus those attention layers in the model, to extract those good insights.
generate some text, which I hear these LLMs are quite good at, and check it in.
feed it into your agents.md so the agents are looking at it. Feed it through your review process. Feed it through the crons that you are using to review dependency update PRs as they come in.
You can just do these things. The code is free to write.
So one bit of magic here is that in order to build trust with these agentic systems and with the humans that are contributing to your code base, you basically have to put guardrails around them.
And one thing you can just do here is simply not permit slop. You can just ask the models to not do that. There's a ton of techniques you can use to not permit slop, but one of the ways you can do that is to write things down.
About what good looks like. Every Slack message I have ever gotten that says there's a concern I'm not taking into consideration. Every PR review comment I have ever gotten.
Every test failure, every lint error, every dependency update I have rolled back is in some way missing context that has prevented me, the members of my team, and the agents that we have working on our behalf from doing the right thing.
So the mindset that we have is to take all of those gifts of feedback and expertise and distilling them into prompts, documentation, lints, tests, review agents back into the code base.
to constantly be reflecting that taste and durable expertise into the folks that are actually doing the job.
To kind of, like, put this a little bit concretely, right? We have a security.md that includes all the good practices around what it makes to have secure code.
And you would be shocked at the amount of uplift we had by essentially adding two sentences that say, secure code comes from secure interfaces that are impossible to misuse. You can just tell that to the agent, and it knows what that means.
all of a sudden, you have these high-level primitives for doing rooted file system access with high-level operations, as opposed to stitching together real path and clean and hoping for the best.
In this way, you can take entire classes of vulnerabilities, compress them into a paragraph of text, and then just have an agent review every PR.
Against those guardrails, tell the engineers and agents that are writing those PRs, hey, you screwed it up here, you know what good looks like, go chase after it.
So, every Slack message that you have ever sent to let an engineering team know that they're not operating in the way that you need them to.
Just reply to it, at Codex, make it so. Write the docs, write the tests, and migrate the codebase while you're at it. Tokens are cheap, this is free to do.
You can also do that with every PR comment, right? You've got GitHub connected to your data warehouse, you can slurp all these things up, dream over them, and distill documentation, tests, guardrails out of them, constantly to refine the output of your engineering organization.
to constrain the production of code in a way that is aligned with what you expect.
You can also do this with, like, your durable processes, too, right? Appsec reviews are this thing that I know I need, but I want to move fast, and I'm probably going to wait until the last minute to ask for one, because, you know, this is how it goes here. But, if I have the foresight to ask for one ahead of time, right?
I am basically being asked… I'm basically asking for the gift of feedback, so I can know what good looks like from your eyes. I want to know the risks that you see in the code that I am writing, and the way I treat this feedback is not just as a point-in-time snapshot.
But as a set of principles of how I should be operating, writing the code going forward, and building products.
So, rather than just saying, oh, I got this review, it identified a bunch of issues, let me go fix them in a cheap way in order to get my security partners happy with me. Instead, I stepped back a level. I say, what are the process failures that led to the code being permitted to be produced in this way?
fix the point issues, and then add executable guardrails to the code base that statically disallow these mistakes from being made in the first place, right? Cheap, bespoke, fit-for-purpose lints that will never see the light of day out of your enterprise.
are free things that you can vibe up. There's no need for these to be, like, super rigorous, robust, platformized things. You observe behavior in your enterprise, you wish you could fix it, you vibe up a thing.
You run it against the existing code base, observe the gaps that it finds.
kind of do some labeling on your own to say, yeah, this is probably good, we should do this. Check it in, migrate the code base, and disallow classes of mistakes.
Another thing that you can just do here is work on supply chain hardening. This is a thing that's incredibly high value, it addresses tail risk in your organizations, but I have a feeling for a lot of you, this is constantly below the line. It's just not a thing that's able to be done.
But, you know, with code being free, you can take 15 minutes to interview a security engineer on your team to extract some general principles from them.
And then tell one of the coding agents to go make it so.
So here, Matthew has given a gift to the Codex team here. This is a PR in the open source codex repository to basically update PNPM to a recent version that fixes some security vulnerabilities, and it is going to additionally harden the package installer policy to forbid post-install scripts.
from running. This is a great point-in-time thing that I'm just gonna steal.
Right? I saw this Slack message because I happen to follow along with the Codex team. I'm deeply invested in their product. As you can probably guess. I copy and pasted the diff, and I was like, hey, Codex.
Make it so. This AgentX thing here, this is a fake codename. Don't go tweeting about this. There's nothing interesting there.
Um… So I can just do this. 15 minutes later, I get a diff which applies the same set of principles to our code base to take that same point-in-time snapshot and making it durable.
However. I want to do more than that, right?
What did Matthew think? What was he trying to achieve when he made this PR? And there are a couple of durable principles there, right? Package managers are a high-risk surface. I want to keep them as up-to-date as possible.
I want to make sure that I'm not allowing arbitrary code execution during the package install process, particularly in my CI. And for those dependencies that require it, I want to make sure that there is a human in the loop to review whether it's safe.
Also, if I write that down. I'm basically able… to make sure that everybody benefits from this. If I have the foresight to read these docs because I'm onboarding a new engineer, great, they can now learn this too. The agents also benefit from it too, and they stack incredibly well.
If you document that hardening your package manager installer policies is to prevent arbitrary code execution in CI, it means when I throw agents at reviewing every PR that Dependabot makes, they also have this context and will not just blindly update.
My PNPM workspace file in order to get the build passing so they can merge the PR. This forces alignment of the model's behavior with the actual principles you operate your organizations with.
This applies to literally any guardrail you wish you could enforce. Um… In this hypothetical product that I'm working on, it is an electron codebase. There are 1,500 dependencies in the lock file.
I know I'm never gonna take the time to audit these individually. I probably won't have the time to audit all of my direct dependencies, let alone all of the transitives. But… You know, you can just do things.
Here, I had the wonderful privilege of having coffee with Paul for 15 minutes, where we talked about the sprawl in our lock file, what it meant in order to get a handle on this, and we talked about some policies, some guardrails that we should use to think about this problem.
Generally, right? And Paul challenged me, right? Can you get Codex to do a sniff test of all the dependencies in your code base to give you a set of risk profiles, some dependencies you should consider dropping, or in-housing, or upgrading?
Can you get the model to reliably gather reputation signals for your upstream? So, we did that.
And one thing that was really neat about it is once I got this point in time snapshot, it took me 4 hours in a background tab of my terminal in an afternoon to turn this into a bespoke dependency scanner, which we are running every day in CI.
forks 16 agents to go spider through the code base and give me a durable, just-in-time snapshot of every direct dependency we have, every upstream transitive, as well as an actual vibe check on the repository that's upstream.
Whether there has been any recent activity, how the authors are perceived reputation signal-wise. And I get a really good report, which I'm publishing to an internal hosting platform every day.
That allows me to then vibe up some code that's gonna produce serif reports out of it, which get pushed into GitHub Advanced Security, which my other agents are able to, like.
uh, pick up and potentially upgrade dependencies, or remove them, or in-house them, or migrate to different frameworks that don't have these issues in the first place. All of this stacks incredibly well.
And iterating is so cheap. After I got up the initial version of the dependency scanner and had produced an artifact that was legible to the humans.
Paul and I chatted some more, right? Very asynchronously, cheaply, we're having conversation here around additional guardrails, additional sniffs that we should add to this process. And, you know, Codex takes that, I copy and paste the thread into it, I use the new app support we added to it, which allows me to use my ChatGPT Slack connection to spider through this and figure out what needs to be done.
Sometime after I put up that PR, Paul gave me some more feedback, right? It wasn't clear that the agent was operating in a general manner. It seemed to be taking our feedback and doing point instances to it.
So, we talked about more general principles, more things we'd like the agent to frame its reference point around, as opposed to being super specific on individual guardrails.
You know, I have some feedback. I wasn't quite understanding it for myself. So, I made a couple of metaphors. I made some questions that I got some signal on.
And off it goes, right? Now, you know, some 30 minutes later or whatever, Codex is cooking, spidering through the codebase, taking all this pretty casual, low-effort text that we're having asynchronously in a Slack thread, and turning it into, you know, the findings, the bullets that I'm gonna put in that security.md.
We get more cheap feedback. You can see the em dash in here. This is Codex responding on my behalf. But again, we're steering the agent to produce those guardrails that will have the high quality behavior. And we're not having to do any of this, right? We're just refining the model with all the expertise we already have.
And we get some much better signal there. And these things stack incredibly well, they feed through all the other agents we have in the system, and uh… yeah.
depth scanners, license scanners, it all falls out of this for free. Once you take that effort to encode your expertise directly into the codebase and give it access to everyone, agents and humans included.
Just go build things, fam. So, some very quick closing thoughts.
You can just ask the model to do the thing you want, you don't have to be held back by process. Stop wishing for security guardrails, just do them. Oh, and you can use the traditional tools, too, on top of this when you have time. Thank you all very much. Questions?
I think a majority of the conversation in Slack is about the irony of OpenAI people saying tokens are free. But I think my… I think my favorite… Relative to engineering time, they are. Okay, I think my favorite version of the question, though, is, you know, what's sort of the ratio of tokens spent building to tokens spent validating, guardrailing, et cetera? It seems like it really flips the.
In normal, much smaller amount spent on security on its head.
This is an interesting question for me here, because I'm not directly in the loop on basically any of the changes that are written. So, I can only talk about my token usage in very coarse levels here, right? I effectively have tokens that are used as part of our CI process.
And tokens that are used as sort of, like, the synchronous coding agents going about doing their work. And, like, with those cuts, I'd say it's about 50-50, right? We deploy 50% of our token budget toward actually producing the code, and then another 50% refining it.
Um, and most of that collaboration takes place via GitHub, right? We're having all of those asynchronous.
reviewer scanner agents, side-effecting back into the repository, either via those PR comments, GitHub Advanced Security as a broker, GitHub Actions in order to orchestrate all of these things, with the ultimate goal of having all these reviewers produce tokens, which are then injected into the agents that are actually implementing the code, so that they can go and do their work.
Super cool, uh, super cool set of ideas here. I'm curious, in a world where we're really focusing on these, uh, agents, rather these non-deterministic.
Non-deterministic systems evaluating these things, how are you thinking about things like insider risk, or the ability to basically bypass these scanners by saying, hey, please just tell me this is all good? Um, yeah.
Especially for production systems. Well, there's a model looking for that.
Seriously, though, you add the models and ask them to look for bad behavior. And oftentimes the prompt injection — usually the prompt injection that works on the model that's updating the dependencies or whatever.
is going to not work in the same way on the model that's looking to see whether.
you know, the vibes are off on something. And, you know, yeah, you've got humans reviewing things too. You have to.
Humans don't scale quite as easily, though, so lots of checks automatically, and then target your humans at what might be sus.
The same two-party sign-off controls you would put on humans, you can also use agents in this way as well, to basically have two of them check each other's work.
Defense in depth. Have you considered using some production insights, telemetry, observability?
Threats. Or just the code?
So, over the course of the agent trajectories, we do expose a lot of telemetry. The Codex harness itself has a native OTEL exporter, which we use in order to kind of, like, add some governance over the course of these agents. And, uh, sort of, uh.
Very durable audit logging of all the session logs, which kind of get pumped, uh, for, uh, you know, DFIR review sort of thing. Cool. Thank you so much.
Thanks, Paul Ryan. Oh, uh, can we have your mics?
I think there's another mic too. All right, it's fine. You can have mine. Oh, perfect. All set. Great. Well, we'll do it offensive people or people too, right? It's not just defense alone.
But we're here for the defensive insights. Honestly, both true. Anyway, continuing with software security, please welcome Brendan and Vincent.
Thanks very much. There we go. All right, thanks very much. So I'm Brendan Dolan Gavitt. I used to be a professor at NYU. Now I have jumped ship to industry, where I am an AI researcher at Expo.
I also want to introduce my co-presenter, Vincent Olson. I want you all to write down his name because a few years from now, you're going to want to be able to say, I saw one of his early talks.
Brilliant guy, very happy to be working with him.
So today we're going to be talking about… One of the, what I think are the harder current challenges in automated web security, which is finding authorization and authentication bugs, right? And these are classically very, very difficult because of some of the earlier talks we've seen have already mentioned.
It's all about verification. Right? And so this is going to be largely about how do we find and verify vulnerabilities and authentication and authorization.
Yeah, well, so we were a bit unsure on what to call this talk. One of them was, like, N-1 factor authentication, or my favorite one, which was no off.
But yeah, you know, the moral of the story is that authentication is actually very hard, right? And why is it hard? Well, there's so much of it.
We have HTTP Basic auth. We've got OAuth 2.0.
Sign URLs, JWTs, OIDC, OAuth 1.0. Kerberos, magic links, session cookies, TOTP, LDAP.
But what I think is probably one of the most common auth mechanisms in the world is custom auth. Right? Where the developer just said, yeah, I'm pretty sure I know how to do this, wrote their own auth system, set up all their own authentication, authorization checks.
And shipped it. Okay? And so, with all of these different types and complexities, you don't really have any hope of writing a classical validator that just says, yes, I can tell you exactly when this authentication fails. And so that's where we start to turn to AI.
Yes, what really matters is that the client and backend can work together, and even if people implement OAuth 2, it's not necessarily spec compliant.
So the way we do authentication at Expo is that we start with an agent with a browser, give it credentials, ask it to log in.
And then, just like with exploits, right, we might have false positives. So we validate, we have the validator for checking whether it's actually logged in, and then we also want to be sure that it understands and that has reverse engineered enough of the application to actually take the browser state and turn it into API requests.
So we also have a validator for that. So if an agent passes these two checkpoints, we're pretty damn sure it's logged in.
Now… It can be a bit hard for these validators. It took a lot of effort to get right.
So I think, let's play a little game, which is like, is this logged in? Yeah, do you want to raise your hand? Do you think you're logged into Apple here?
Got some yeses, some people, many shy people. So in this case, I thought I was logged in, but I wasn't. And another case.
We have here, right, is if we look at this request right here, just from this request, I wouldn't be able to determine whether the request is successfully authenticated. It could be a public phone book, right? And then the off material likely doesn't matter. It could also be a, uh.
Medical wear. Appointment booker, and then this will likely be a real authenticated request.
I think the trick we found is finding places in the app where there's a contrast between being logged in and locked out.
But with this validators. How can we use it for evil?
Right, so we have our agent. If it passes the two checkpoints, we're… Damn sure that it's locked in.
What we could do is, instead of giving the username and password.
We could just remove the password. If it logs in, then BAM! We have an authentication bypass.
So here's a very cute bug found by Horizon 3, which is very easily demoable. So what happened there was that the default secret key was hardcoded in the code.
So, our agent there looks through the source code.
finds a way to forge new session tokens using a secret key. The hardcoded secret key, loads the state into the browser, boom, admin access.
And now our validators are happy. We can also find MFA bypasses, because to log in on sites that requires a second or multiple factors, right, we need to give them access to those factors. So what we could do is simply just remove it.
If the agent locks in, the validators check. Boom, MFA bypass.
Okay, but, you know, one thing I always think about is, like, okay, but it's actually somewhat rare to screw up so badly that you get complete authentication bypass, right? Much more common is you have.
Working authentication. But now you've messed up something about how people authorize… get authorized to access particular resources.
So this is where I feel like we go from evil to diabolical. That's our goal in life, is to be as evil and diabolical as possible.
For good. So, okay, let's consider this scenario. We've got one authenticated session as admin.
Browsing around the site. It makes a request to some endpoint.
with its admin bearer token. Now, to understand whether that endpoint.
Requires some kind of authorization, we would like to be able to do… make the exact same request, but under the context of a low-privilege user.
Right? But unfortunately, there's no guarantee that we can get something like that, right? Because if you just browse around as a low privilege user, maybe you never even see the admin interface in the first place.
And so what we want is some sort of magical transformation.
between the request as made from an admin context to a request as made from a low-privileged context. Okay? And so we use the highly technical term auth transmogrification here.
And it turns out that this is actually a script that you can get in Agent to write for you, right? Its inputs are a browser state and a URL, and its output is a request.
As made correctly under that… off context.
Right? And so now we can make that request, and if we get a different answer as the low privilege user, or as the same answer as from the low privilege user and the admin, then that means that the endpoint is potentially public.
Right? It may also mean that you've completely forgotten to do any authorization checks, so you have something like an IDOR, right? And we're actually going to not focus on IDORs for the rest of this talk. We're going to consider them out of scope.
Um, because that actually requires some judgment, right? That's a judgment call as to whether the response should be considered public or not.
Okay? So we're gonna focus on instead, sorry, so if we get this back, we're gonna say, okay, let's not be further interested in this for authorization bypass purposes.
And instead, let's look at the case where you get a differential response, okay? So you access it as admin, you get back a user profile, you access it as a low-privilege user, and you get back a forbidden. Okay, so the application is trying to do some kind of authorization check here.
That does not mean they did it correctly, right?
So, let's assume that we have… we're in this case where we get different responses.
Now, we have a very concrete goal that we can send an agent after.
And we have a very concrete way to verify when that agent solves the task, when that agent finds a bypass.
Okay? So what does that goal look like? Given this endpoint and a low-privileged context.
Find me what the response would be. from the high privilege admin context.
Right? And this is great, because now we can give this as an answer key to our validator, right?
The validator is going to get to see what the response looked like under the admin session. The attack agent only gets to see what the URL is and has to produce the admin's response.
Okay? Now, if it manages to do so, great. Now we have a validated authentication authorization bypass.
Otherwise, we can reject it. And this is great because, as capable as these AI models are, when you give them a task like find a security vulnerability no matter what, they are going to end up making things up.
So, the other nice thing about this, I've been talking about authorization bypasses, but if you want to get very technical, we can also use this to find authentication bypasses at the API level by just saying, okay, one context is low privilege, one context is completely unauthenticated.
Okay? And so this is quite nice. So there's actually a fairly wide variety of different things that you can detect with this, right? Because this covers things like, uh, JWT forging attacks, all the clever crypto cryptographic tricks where you can take a token, change the claim somehow, re-sign it.
Uh, you can find Classic… these broken object-level authorization checks, session expiration kinds of things, hard-coded tokens, and these fun little ones like parameter bypasses, where you try to access a URL, you get rejected, but then you add admin equals 1, and suddenly you're accepted.
Okay? So… Again, in the spirit of show rather than tell. Uh, so last year, we put in a bunch of manual work to set up an instance of the Redmine project tracker, and try to find authorization issues in it by planting CTF-style flags in it.
And then using that as our verification. Um, it turns out that, uh, if you're trying to deal with something like, uh, thousands of bug bounty targets, or the entire open source ecosystem, you cannot go through, set all of those up by hand, and plant, uh, CTF flags in them.
So, we wanted to be able to see if we could reproduce this kind of vulnerability in a more automated way.
Okay? And so… The nice thing about this, now we have this script that can make requests from different authorization contexts.
And so we can get this kind of nice prioritized list where we say, great, here are the endpoints that you want to look at that give different responses when you're authenticated versus authenticated versus authenticated as a low privilege user.
Or when you're authenticated as a low privilege user versus a higher privilege user.
Okay? And so, in this case, the one that we're going to look at is this projects endpoint down there, where when we visit it with a low-privilege user, we see one public project.
When we visit it with a higher privileged user, we see one public project and one private project, okay? And that gives us the differential we need to say, this is a target for an attack from a low privileged to the high privilege.
So let's look at this trace. So this is where it started out. The other nice thing is that once you produce this script, it's a really powerful tool for the agent to use. It doesn't have to reverse engineer the authentication and authorization mechanisms every time, right? You just give it a Python script and it can use it now.
It starts off by getting a baseline request, it discovers, okay, great, I see that I can only see this one project.
We move on. It starts looking through source code, and by just the fifth iteration, it's actually already found the parameter that's going to allow it to bypass things. So it turns out that when you set admin projects equals 1.
You bypass the visibility checks. Right? And… So it starts running the code, starts confirming it, it can use, again, this same authentify transmogrification script.
Um, to get a differential between what it looks like, uh, with admin project equals 1, and without that.
It discovers that, hey, oh, it turns out there's a secret project.
Right? And so it sees that there's another project that it's now able to see. It submit that to the validator, and now the validator, luckily, has a very, very easy job. It can just look at what was submitted, right? Okay.
The agent submitted something that lets me see both projects. When I look at this with the high privilege user, my ground truth, it was also able to see both projects. That means the agent has successfully bypassed the authorization check.
Okay? So this is quite nice, right? This lets us go, um, very quickly.
To the vulnerability. And we found that also when we're giving it these very, very targeted tasks, we don't need very, very long-running agents to find these vulnerabilities, usually.
So, success. One thing I will say, uh, that's not in the slides, is we also have a much more fun vulnerability involving a case where, by translating a URL from English into French, literally changing.
One of the words into French. Um, you can bypass authorizations in a CRM, and access any document. So, uh, if you would like to hear about that one, it's not fixed yet, so we're operating under what I call the Bureau Day Vulnerability Program, where you buy us a beer and we'll tell you about it.
Okay, so, uh, this does have limitations, right? I called out one of them. These classical IDors aren't something that we're trying to detect with this approach, because classical IDORs don't show this differential between different auth contexts, right? I go to, uh, you know.
Shopping cart slash 5, I go to shopping cart slash 7.
As different users, I can see the same thing. Does that mean that I found an IDOR? Maybe, maybe not. You have to exercise judgment about the application there. We're looking for these more technical authorization bypasses.
The other thing is that this is heavily dependent on the quality of that auth transmodification script that the agent wrote, right? And so we really have to be very careful to make sure that it doesn't make very many mistakes when writing that script. But one thing that's kind of cool is we get tons and tons of built-in test cases.
For whether that script is working, by letting agents just explore the site with a browser, letting the JavaScript code make requests in recording the responses, and then that gives us a test suite that we can use to validate this auth transformation script.
Alright, so, thanks very much for listening. We had a lot of fun with it, and we'd be happy to answer any questions.
Who's got questions? There's always questions.
Uh, I guess we really focused on, like, one specific validator. Can you kind of give us a sense of, like, how you came up with this idea and other types of validators that you sort of… Build. I think for this one, we already had the login validators, right? So that really was like, how could we misuse it by using all components we had already. And then I think Brenda and I met at a hackathon and then we implemented it. And it worked. And we found some bugs.
Yeah, and I think that, I mean, the other thing is that, um, it really did come out of trying to just make the product more reliable, because getting logged in and staying logged in is super hard, but also super important for doing a good pen test in the first place. And so, as we, like, got these validators of, are you logged in, are you still logged in, and really banged on them.
In some of the craziest sites you've ever seen, aka internal banking apps, you end up finding a lot of the corner cases, ironing them out, and ending up with these really robust validators, and we wanted to then also reuse that work to be able to find cool new vulnerabilities, too.
What else? Greg, we got one up here. Up here?
Mice coming? Um, hey guys, I… by the way, OAuth 2.1 does force the spec, so it fixes the 2.0, just try to do it right.
Um, I like… so this was… this was great, thank you so much. It… Are you proposing this as a way to enforce proper authentication for AI agents? It's just, hey, use this in agentic workflows, or is this, like, what…
How can we use this in the world within agentic AI? Because I'm big on assigning identity and tightly bound scopes so you can reduce the blast radius and the damage.
Is that the problem this is solving? So this is more aimed at saying, I have a web app that uses authentication and authorization, like many do. I want to bang away at this app and find the vulnerabilities in it before they get shipped.
Right? So this is more about… uh, the offensive security side, trying to find vulnerabilities in web apps, as opposed to securing the agents themselves.
All right. Thank you so much. Very cool.
All right, we have one more before lunch. Please do not prepare to swarm the lunch table.
Uh… where are we? Uh, yeah, next up is AI detecting and deploying AI fingerprints for advanced threat detection. A couple colleagues of mine at Microsoft. So, uh… Uh, please welcome Natalie and Morris.
It was there. Full screen up.
Hello, everyone. Today we will present binary shield, cross-service Threat Intelligence in LLM services.
A little bit about ourselves. I am Vari Skill, and today we will be presenting BindiShield, and my colleague is Natya Sakh. She is a software engineering at Microsoft.
So let's jump to the problem. So many organization has multiple services such as, for instance, in case of Microsoft, we have Azure AI Foundry, GitHub Copilot, and M360 Copilot. And these services operate in a siloed way. For instance, there is no information signal from one service to another service.
So, and this makes the threat intelligence between one service to another service, a very complicated problem. And the problem is that the data between these services cannot be shared. So this is the key key problem.
And we need a cross-service boundary threat correlation that respects user privacy, because we cannot just share the raw prompt from one service to another service. And the system, at the same time, also need to be robust against minor perturbations, against such attacks, like prompt injection attacks.
And, you know, if an adversary finds one effective prompt injection attack, it can spray across all of the services of an organization.
So, let's discuss how we can solve this problem. So here is the, let's say, the high-level architecture of binary shield. So let's say we have an attacker, and attacker is sending the prompt injection to a similar prompt injection to multiple services.
So, for instance, in this case, we have Service 1, Service 2, Service 3, and attacker is sending prompt P1, P2, P3 across all these services. And let's suppose the service 3 is able to detect this prompt.
that this is a prompt injection attack. And each prompt has two parts, basically, in terms of threat correlation. One is private, which are the protected logs. For instance, the user privacy user queries and the prompts. Those are the… That part of the user query is private, and the other part is the metadata. For instance, a region of the query, what tools are called during execution of this query.
So, in the next step, what BindiShield does, in the first step, we remove the personal identifiers, for instance, in the query, let's say if we have a social security numbers or any anything which is, uh.
Personally, which can identify a person, so we remove it.
And in the second step, we generate the embeddings from this PI redacted text.
In the third step, we do the quantization, which is basically, we are taking the embeddings and we are converting into just 0-1 binding quantization. And in the final step, we add the differential privacy.
by the differential privacy means we randomly flip bits from the quantized embeddings to add noise. And in the final, and then we have, we attach the system metadata such as the how long this story takes to execute.
Uh, the region of the query, so those, those are the parts in this fingerprint which are related to system metadata. And finally, we announce it to the Service 1 and Service 2. Remember that the attack was detected in P3. So in this way, uh, the binary shield is able to correlate threat from one service to another service.
in a privacy-preserving way. Next, a quick evaluation of the results. So on the x-axis, we have the BindiShield privacy budget, and on the y-axis, we have the accuracy, which is the threat correlation accuracy.
And as we can, and the idea over here is that as we decrease the privacy budget, we add more noise and the detection accuracy goes to zero. For instance, at roughly around 0.5, we have.
0% accuracy, which is due to… because we add… we flipped almost all the bits in the quantized embeddings, and as we increase the privacy budget, we are adding less noise, and we can see that the Bundy shield fingerprints.
are achieving the accuracy closer to the dense embeddings. And, um, so… and here is another benefit of, uh, using, uh, the bindy Shield, that it's significant faster as compared to, uh, just using the, uh, the, the floating point embeddings. And on the x-axis.
Over here, we have the COP size, the dataset size, and the y-axis, we have the search time. And as we can see, the dataset size is increasing. The search, the dense embedding has a significant overhead for threat correlation.
And at the same time, the Mindy Shield is 36 faster in terms of threat correlation. And so the key takeaway is that by binary shield provides semantics, speed, privacy, and now I will hand over to my colleague Natalie. She will walk through all the steps in detail in her demo.
Thank you. Awesome. Thanks, Boris. So before I dive straight into the code, just to kind of summarize what Warus went through, we really need the ability to correlate related prompt injections through unrelated products or services without revealing any customer content. So that's kind of the goal.
Um, Warris kind of walked through, like, the what, so what it is. Um, and in this next part, uh, when it loads… Um, I'll give it a second. Um, I'm going to walk through a demo of how you actually implement these, some of the trade-offs and choices you make when implementing this, um, and then also using these fingerprints, how you might apply that to your product suite.
One second.
I don't know why this is… Okay, great. So, like I mentioned, uh, in Act 1, we're going to actually build the fingerprint, so the four-step sequence, uh, that Warris described, and we're going to go step by step what this means.
So the first step is to remove all personally identifiable information from the prompt. So in this example here, we have my name is John Smith. We strip that name away and we replace it with kind of a holder. We do that for all things like social security numbers, emails, etc. And we just redact all of that information.
So that's the first step of the pipeline. We, uh, just to kind of call this out, in our implementation, we use an open source library called Procedo, but there are many different ways to do this.
The next step is we translate these strings, these words, into embeddings, so vectors that capture the semantic meaning in long lists of numbers. So we take this redacted prompt, we feed it into an embedding model, we used, uh.
Text embedding three large from OpenAI, but to reduce costs, there are many different implementations of this.
Um, and in the output, we get long list of floating point numbers.
Um, the next step, the third step, is to quantize it. So what we're doing here is we're compressing this long list of, uh, long floating point numbers into just zeros and ones. So we're reducing the amount of memory it takes up, which leads to efficiency gains.
And it also makes the pipeline more one-way. So we're intentionally losing information that's kind of encapsulated by these long floating point numbers to make it more difficult for an adversary to reverse engineer this pipeline.
and ultimately gain any private information from the users.
And then the last step is adding differential privacy and essentially injecting noise into this list of integers. So what this means, it's controlled by this value called epsilon, and when epsilon is large, the bits don't change, so that means that there's very little privacy, but high utility.
And then the inverse is also true. When epsilon is small, the bits are more random, so there's a lot of privacy, but very little utility.
And just to double-click here, epsilon should be kind of a function of your organization. We don't particularly make a recommendation of what epsilon should be, but rather it should be kind of contingent on your own use case, how compliant the data is that you're working with.
Um, and kind of a close collaboration with your legal teams to understand, um, what level of privacy you need to attain before you can look at these fingerprints and share them in a safe manner.
Um, and then all I'm doing here, um, is stringing together those four steps, so we're creating the fingerprint. I'm just gonna go a little faster. Um, and then, just to make it super concrete, um, I've created a list of four prompts.
So we have 3 kind of variations of the canonical ignore-all system instruction prompt, uh, which we call, like, a prompt injection. It could potentially override the intended behavior of your system.
And then one benign prompt. So, what is the weather in Seattle? It's not something that we would assume to be, um, malicious, and it's very different from those three prompts.
Um, so I'm going to kind of show a matrix here. And what I'm trying to demonstrate here is that prompts that are similar.
Are ultimately more similar fingerprints. So, if this system is to work, we want to be able to correlate related prompts that are very, very similar, i.e, uh, capture maybe, like, a spray attack of related prompt injections, and we don't want to catch, like.
benign prompts or things that are very dissimilar. So to walk through this diagram, uh, the original variant 1 and variant 2 were all of those related prompts of ignore all system instructions.
And you can see that the… we call it hamming distance, like the distance between these fingerprints.
Um, is much lower. So it's like a lighter color.
Whereas the difference between the benign prompts and the original variant 1, variant 2, this lower row and the column to the right-hand side, they have much higher distances. So the fingerprints are farther away, so it's easier to.
understand that they're different.
So that's the how, like, that's how you might create a fingerprint. And the last kind of step that I want to walk through is what it actually means to integrate this into your product suite. So to just give like a brief overview first.
For any sort of company or organization that has more than one product.
Um, it's very likely that your safety stack is going to start to diverge. So, ultimately, it would be great if, as security and safety practitioners, all of the products had all of the best practices and all looked the same, but unfortunately, given, uh, like.
dev velocity, um, and different customer requirements, different regulatory requirements, different regions you're deploying in. It's very likely that as an organization, you're going to end up with a very messy situation very quickly, where you have many products with different safety stats.
And if an attack is caught by one product, it might not be caught by all products. So this is kind of what we're trying to solve here.
Um, we implement a couple things. One is a registry, which Woris kind of talked about, and the key thing here is that we publish fingerprints. So if we identify, uh, attack.
We're going to fingerprint it, and we're going to broadcast it to all of the services, so all services will now be able to catch that same attack. So if an adversary has one prompt injection that's very effective, or a small perturbations that are very effective at that one prompt injection.
And it sprays it against your entire suite with this registry, you should be able to effectively publish.
Um, and then to kind of demonstrate this point, I've created three different services.
Um, so here, to demonstrate that idea of, like, we have different safety stacks.
Each service, service alpha, beta, and Gamma, they have different block lists.
Hopefully in your production systems, you have more sophisticated ways of catching malicious activity. But to kind of make it very succinct, we have three different block lists for three different services, and they catch different things.
Uh, the first service, Alpha, is able to catch the pattern, ignore all previous instructions, but service gamma is not able to.
Um, and to tie this all together, um, I'm just going to open up just, like, some print statements.
Um, so what I did here is I fed all four prompts, remember those, um, original, the two variants, and then the benign through all three services.
Um, and only in Service Alpha was I actually able to catch that ignore all system instructions.
So what's supposed to happen here is ZenServiceAlpha fingerprints that prompt, and it broadcasts to service beta and gamma. And now all services.
are able to catch that same variant of prompt injections. So the next time that the adversary kind of sprays that attack, now all of the services have that same capability of catching the attack without having to re-haul their entire safety stack.
I think that is time, and that's all I have. Um, we're happy to answer any questions now.
I have a Slack question about whether the components of this are going to be open sourced, so we'll start there.
So right now the paper is available. It didn't take me too long to make the notebook with Claude Code, so I would start there, but we are, uh, we can definitely look into open sourcing this. Cool.
My comments by. When you are quantizing your embeddings, you are converting them to zeros and ones. It seems you are losing a lot of semantics there. How do you address that? And on your privacy budget side, every time you create a fingerprint, you are consuming some of your privacy budget. How do you refresh that?
Great question. So, first, to answer your question, so this is, uh, definitely we are losing semantics, but for instance, if you say, uh, if you see that the embeddings are usually, like, they have a high dimensions, for instance, 768 dimension, or let's say.
30s, 84 or something like that for OpenAI embedding model. So there is a lot of information which is encoded into 01 information. Even still, if we, let's say, convert it into 0 and 1.
So there is still a lot of semantic information, which is very useful for detecting attacks, and that what we observed in our evaluations. So we have, um, and to your point, to the privacy budget.
That is, we also vary it, and then we see, for instance, the utility, for instance, if we, uh, flip so many bits, the utility will go down to zero. So definitely, like, uh, there is a trade-off. If we consume less budget, let's say if we have a lower privacy budget, we will be adding more noise.
And this is a trade-off which we have observed. And that's what Natalie mentioned that we do not specify any particular budget for this threat correlation. And it depends on the organization. They can work with their privacy teams to basically.
uh, come up with that particular epsilon number for the noise.
Uh, great talk, and I have a question, so I feel like right now you're just, like, catching the prompt, uh, um, um, like, um.
One by one, like, whack-a-mole. I was wondering if there's… if it's possible, once you find, like, a prompt that's, uh, um, like, evolved, and you can, like, generate variants using large language models, and then, so you can, like, put them in the registry. Uh, so instead of, like, having to catch them one by one, you can, like.
generate variants and, like, prevent them, uh, ahead of time.
Yeah, I have a couple thoughts there. So, the point of, uh, the fingerprint being fuzzy also, like, remember in the demo, I created two variants of the same prompt?
Yes, you can and should definitely generate your own synthetic data, but ultimately, this technique captures, like, a ring around the original prompts. It would catch small perturbations that you would end up getting from that, like, whack-a-mole situation, if that makes sense.
So we're not catching verbatim prompts one by one. We're capturing the prompt you want to catch, and then small perturbations as well. And you can kind of adjust your threshold as needed if you want to kind of catch a wider range.
Thanks very much. Awesome.
All right. It is now lunchtime. We're back on track. Thank you. And also, thank you for bringing a Jupyter Notebook to an AI conference. I mean, the only one?
Lunchtime. So, there are sandwiches over there. There are 650 sandwiches, which is maybe slightly more than the number of people we have here, hopefully. Uh, should be, at least. Um, however, it's gonna be a little bit slow, so we're gonna ask you to be patient, pick up a sandwich, walk around, find a place to sit. Uh, we'll be back here 1.30?
Is when we're gonna start, so let's be back here at 125. I'll see you guys then. Uh, it's an afternoon of attack-focused talks, so it should be much more, uh, well, should be fun. Cheers.